Using the base URL that's provided to you by the Web API documentation.
You'll start with something like this,
http:// api.animalinfo.org/data?animal=.
So if you look at this, this is the setup for our made-up imagined into reality API.
So what this means is when people go in their web browser,
to this URL, if they completed it by adding an animal here,
like tiger, then that would query the tiger part of the Web API.
If we come over and look at this in code,
we can see here we make the elements that will eventually
come together to make our dynamic URL query.
So we have our base URL.
This should look familiar, we just saw it on the slide.
Then this is an example of the key you might get when you register for your credentials.
So the first step in making a web app API is actually to
set variables to hold the base URL and your API key.
Then of course we need to know what animal to add.
For that, we're going to use
the DOM selector so that we can take in the dynamic value that a user enters.
So here we see the three parts of our URL.
We'll learn next how to put those together and make a GET request from a web API.